Stop appending `--format json --out ...` to Rspec command (#172)
buildkite/test-splitter: README.md

| `BUILDKITE_SPLITTER_API_ACCESS_TOKEN ` | Buildkite API access token with `read_suites`, `read_test_plan`, and `write_test_plan` scopes. You can create an access token from [Personal Settings](https://buildkite.com/user/api-access-tokens) in Buildkite |
| `BUILDKITE_SPLITTER_SUITE_SLUG` | The slug of your Buildkite Test Analytics test suite. You can find the suite slug in the url for your suite. For example, the slug for the url: https://buildkite.com/organizations/my-organization/analytics/suites/my-suite is `my-suite` |

> | `BUILDKITE_SPLITTER_RESULT_PATH` | Test Splitter needs to collect the result generated by the test runner. It will use this path to locate the file. Additionally, Test Splitter will replace the `{{resultPath}}` placeholder in the `BUILDKITE_SPLITTER_TEST_CMD` with this value. This ensures that the test runner saves the output to the specified path. |

Reviewer: How about just giving some examples instead, something like...

```suggestion
| `BUILDKITE_SPLITTER_RESULT_PATH` | Test Splitter uses the result path environment variable to tell the runner where to store test result summaries, for use in retries and verification. For RSpec, this would usually be set to `tmp/rspec.json`, while for Jest, this would usually be set to `tmp/jest.json`. |
```
